Shared account (#551)
magento/merchdocs: src/magento/magento-account-share.md

   - The `Account ID` that is located in the upper-left corner of the Magento tab, just above the **Log Out** link.
   - The `Email` address that is associated with the account.

1. Log in to your [Magento account]({% link magento/magento-account.md %}).

1. In the left panel, click **Shared Access**. Then, click <span class="btn">Add New User</span>.

   ![]({% link images/images/magento-account-shared-access-add-new-user.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Add New User_

1. Under _New User Information_, do the following:

   - Enter the **Account ID** from the new user's Magento account.
   - Enter the **Email** address that is associated with the new user's Magento account.

   ![]({% link images/images/magento-account-shared-access-new-user-info.png %}){: .zoom}
   _New User Information_

1. Under _Shared Information_, do the following:

   - Enter a **Share Name** to identify the shared account. The Share Name is for internal reference, and is visible only to you and the person with whom you share your account.
   - If you want to share your personal contact information with the new user, enter the following:

      - Your Email
      - Your Phone

> 1. Under _Grant Account Permissions_, mark the checkbox of each Magento product and service that you want to share.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under _Grant Account Permissions_, select the checkbox of each Magento product and service that you want to share.
```

The following instructions are written from the perspective of a shared user who receives an invitation to a shared account.

1. When you receive an invitation to a shared account, follow the instructions in the email to log in to your own Magento account.

   The left panel of your account has a new _Shared with me_ tab. The _Switch Accounts_ control in the upper-right corner has options for `My Account` and the name of the shared account.

   ![]({% link images/images/magento-account-shared-with-me.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Switch Accounts_

1. To gain access to the shared account, set **Switch Accounts** to the name of the shared account.

   ![]({% link images/images/magento-account-shared-switch.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Switch to Shared Account_

   The shared account displays a welcome message and contact information. The left panel includes only the items that you have permission to use.

   ![]({% link images/images/magento-account-shared-switch.png %}){: .zoom}
    _Switch Accounts_

1. To return to your own account, set **Switch Accounts** to `My Account`.

## Revoke shared access

1. Sign in to your Magento account.

1. In the left panel, click **Shared Access**.

> 1. Find the account to be revoked under 'Managing Users & Permissions' and click **Delete**.  When prompted to confirm, click <span class="btn">Delete User</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find the account to be revoked under _Managing Users & Permissions_ and click **Delete**.

1. When prompted to confirm, click <span class="btn">Delete User</span>.
```
